doc: Bluetooth LE Controller: mention audio case (#12213)
nrfconnect/sdk-nrf: doc/nrf/protocols/ble/index.rst

Most :ref:`Bluetooth LE samples <ble_samples>` in the |NCS| can use either Bluetooth LE Controller.
An exception is the :ref:`ble_llpm` sample, which requires the SoftDevice Controller that supports LLPM.

> There is also a separate controller for audio usage, namely the :ref:`lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There is also a separate controller for the :ref:`nrf53_audio_app` application, namely the :ref:`lib_bt_ll_acs_nrf53_readme`.
```
